tidb-configuration-file: add graceful-wait-before-shutdown (#5825)
pingcap/docs: tidb-configuration-file.md

+ Default value: `true`
+ When this configuration value is `true`, the maximum length of a single `ENUM` element and a single `SET` element is 255 characters, which is compatible with [MySQL 8.0](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.0/en/string-type-syntax.html). When this configuration value is `false`, there is no limit on the length of a single element, which is compatible with TiDB (earlier than v5.0).

#### `graceful-wait-before-shutdown` <span class="version-mark">New in v5.0</span>

> - Wait for n seconds when shutting down to allow clients to disconnect.

Reviewer: any default value?

Author: Yes. Added that.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Specifies the number of seconds that TiDB waits when you shut down the server, which allows the clients to disconnect.
```

Author: @TomShawn did you mean to resolve this conversation? or do you still want me to apply the suggestion?

Reviewer: I find myself unable to comment on this line unless I do it here😂 Please see whether my comment can be accepted or not. Thanks!

+ Default value: `true`
+ When this configuration value is `true`, the maximum length of a single `ENUM` element and a single `SET` element is 255 characters, which is compatible with [MySQL 8.0](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.0/en/string-type-syntax.html). When this configuration value is `false`, there is no limit on the length of a single element, which is compatible with TiDB (earlier than v5.0).

#### `graceful-wait-before-shutdown` <span class="version-mark">New in v5.0</span>

- Wait for n seconds when shutting down to allow clients to disconnect.
- Default value: `0`

> - While in the grace period the HTTP status will already indicate failure to allow loadbalancers to reroute traffic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When TiDB is waiting for shutdown (in the grace period), the HTTP status will indicate a failure, which allows the load balancers to reroute traffic.
```

Author: Yes correct.
